- Money conversation script
	- Hey dude, look at this, it's called money
	- What is it for?
	- It's a paper that says it's worth something
	- Worth what?
	- Anything! Whatever you want!
	- But what is it?
	- It's a piece of paper with a number written on it!
	- But how does it work?
	- It's worth the thing you want
	- But how?
	- Well so let's say I want a hug, so I give you this paper and you give me a hug
	- Can't I just give you the hug?
	- Yes, but now you have the paper!
	- But what do I do with it?
	- It's worth a hug!
	- Would you give me a hug?
	- Yes, but first give me the paper
	- Wait, if you hug me, doesn't it mean I'm hugging you too? Why did you give me the paper?
	- ---Ahhhh..
	- Why can't we just hug each other and forget about the paper?
	- Well if you want a hug from someone else that isn't me you can give them the paper, and they HAVE to give you a hug
	- Why do they have to?
	- Because you gave them the paper
	- This is stupid, why can't we just ask for what we need
	- Well do you think hugs are free?
	- YES
	- Well it costs time to give a hug
	- What is time?
	- You know, time, the things that passes
	- No, I don't understand
	- Like, if I give you a hug, it takes an amount of time
	- Would it be less time if we skipped the whole paper exchange part?
	- Yes, but we need to keep track
	- Keep track of what?
	- Who hugged who
	- Again, hugs are given and received simultaneously by both people
	- Yes, but someone asked for the hug, that's the one who has to pay
	- Why?
	- Because maybe the other person doesn't want the hug, just wants the money
	- Why would they want the money for?
	- To get hugs from other people! But maybe not from you. They can prove other people that they gave a hug when someone asked them for a hug, then other people will see how good they are, and give them a hug.
	- But can't we just be kind to each other?
	- No man, what if some jerk comes asking for a hug, and then when someone else asks him for a hug he doesn't want to? This makes sure the hug-giving is balanced.
	- I don't know, it seems a little complicated, can't we just go back to hugs without keeping count?
	- No man, I like counting, counting is fun. Look I have given 10 hugs. I want to reach 100 money, then that will prove I'm the best hugger, and no one else will be able to hug again.
	- Wait, what?
	- Yeah man, there are just 100 of these papers, once I get them all it's game over, no one else can give or receive hugs, I'll be the hug champion.
	- That's just dumb. What if I just give hugs without asking for money?
	- That's nonesense, who would give hugs without asking for money? It's not possible, hugs are worth money, you can't just give them away.
	- Yeah it's possible, look.
	- What are you doing man! I'm not paying you for that!
	- I don't want you to
	- What? Why? What's wrong with you?
	- Nothing, I just don't want your money
	- Why? What did you do? Did you steal some of my money when you were hugging me?
	- No man, I just like hugging people, I don't want anything from you.
	- Bullshit, you must have some hidden motives, are you trying to undermine the money system?
	- Well, yeah, that could be side effect.
	- You are an anarchist extremist mutinous anti-system hippie that wants to watch the world burn
	- Yes thank you, I hate you and your money system, I think you are stupid and so is money.