- The vision of the person I want to be 3 years down the line
	- Reasons not to do it; excuses
		- I don't know
		- I'm afraid.
		- It's too hard.
		- How can I think so far ahead?
		- I don't want to
		- I don't know how
		- I'm afraid to think about it
		- I want results now, what use would be to think so far ahead?
	- Reasons to do it; motivation
		- So I can walk the next step in the right direction
		- To gain clarity
		- To connect to my destiny
		- To connect with fear
		- To become my purpose in action
		- To become an agent of change in the world
		- To empower myself
		- To be happier
		- To be more peaceful
		- To feel satisfied at the end of each day
		- To overcome my bullshit
	- From my being
		- ### Habitat
			- I'm living on an eco-village. I have a recurrent land-base near Mar del Plata where I stay for months at a time in between the yearly world tour. In the land base I have workshop. There is other people, some more permanent than others. Travelers from around the world stay here too, as I stay in their home base when touring.
			- In the MDP land-base I maintain a public cross-discipline workshop where we co-create, learn and grow together with other residents and the broader community. Carpentry, metalwork, gardening, software development, sewing, claywork, athletics, theater, computer design (3D printing, CNC), archiarchal spaces, a library, a book binding workshop, a recycling facility to up-cycle or neutralize anything that you would find in a city landfill, a bicycling workshop, chemistry, kitchen, materials lab, and possibly others.
				- It is also adapted for children of all ages, has activities for all stages of human development.
		- ### Income
			- I have multiple sources of income. Some in response of taking care of public digital infrastructure. Some in response to articles I wrote. Some in response of videos I wrote. I create value in many ways. I also hold space for EHP and other archiarchal spaces.
		- ### Relationships
			- Family members are invited and encouraged to live in the village.
			- Celeste & I have access to separate housing within the MDP landbase. We also travel regularly with Coral. We both practice relationship anarchy and it's cool if
		- ### Parenting
			- Coral and I work together in projects. We travel. We visit places. We experiment. We
			-
		- ### Skills
		- I want to go back to my comfort zone
		- I don't know how these are supposed to look like
	- From lifebook recommendations
		- Health and fitness
		  Intellectual life
		  Emotional life
		  Character
		  Spiritual life
		  Love life
		  Parenting
		  Social life
		  Financial
		  Career
		  Quality of life
		  Life vision
		-
		-
		-
		-
	-